fix: websocket closed (tentative) (#29347)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 13.8.1

_Released 4/23/2024 (PENDING)_

> **Bufixes:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bugfixes:**
```

> - Fixes a bug introduced in [`13.6.0`](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/changelog#13-6-0) where Cypress would occasionally exit with status code 1 even when the test run was successful, due to an unhandled WebSocket exception (`Error: WebSocket connection closed`). Addresses [#28523](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28523).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug introduced in [`13.6.0`](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/changelog#13-6-0) where Cypress would occasionally exit with status code 1, even when a test run was successfully, due to an unhandled WebSocket exception (`Error: WebSocket connection closed`). Addresses [#28523](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28523).
```
